---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
feature-img: "assets/img/pexels/travel.jpeg"
tags: [About]
---

AI has never been more important in the human history.

The Ministry of Education of China published the new curriculum standard for high schools in January, 2018, which introduced multiple AI-related courses. The US AI4K12 Working Group was founded in May, 2018, and has been drafting AI curricula for high schools in USA.


As to top universities, Institute for Interdisciplinary Information Sciences (IIIS) at Tsinghua University, created by Prof. Andrew Chi-Chih Yao, recently founded the Artificial Intelligence Class in 2019. Aiming to establish a solid foundation in AI for students, the program offers a wide range of courses, spanning from core theoretical underpinnings in math and computer science to applications in robotics, finance, biology, health, psychology, etc. It also provides students with opportunities to participate in cutting-edge AI research and interdisciplinary research with other fields, to develop their skills and subject understanding on AI, and to tackle problems in related fields by coupling rigorous theory with real-world applications. With the inclusion of the new AI program, IIIS now provides two exceptional undergraduate education programs, widely known as Yao Class (founded in 2005) and Artificial Intelligence Class (founded in 2019). Since the launch of Yao Class, IIIS has built a reputation as a leading institute of high-impact undergraduate education recognized as “the best undergraduate program” through some prestigious national awards and honors. At present, there are 400 students in total at IIIS, including 225 undergraduate students and 174 graduate students from different countries and regions. Our alumni are now affiliated with internationally renowned universities and innovation enterprises all over the world. Prof. Andrew Chi-Chih Yao was the winner of the A.M. Turing Award in 2000, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences and a foreign member of the US National Academy of Sciences.

In USA, AI degrees and programs in universities are just as popular. Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) has led the world in artificial intelligence education and innovation since the field was created, and the School of Computer Science at CMU introduced the nation's first bachelor's degree in artificial intelligence in 2018. In October, 2018, MIT announced a new $1 billion commitment to address the global opportunities and challenges presented by the prevalence of computing and the rise of artificial intelligence (AI). At the heart of this endeavor was the new MIT Stephen A. Schwarzman College of Computing, made possible by a $350 million foundational gift from Mr. Schwarzman, the chairman, CEO and co-founder of Blackstone, a leading global asset manager. In early 2019, Stanford University founded the Institute for Human-Centered AI (HAI) to guide and build the future of AI. The mission of HAI is to advance AI research, education, policy and practice to improve the human condition. Led by faculty from multiple departments across Stanford, research focuses on developing AI technologies inspired by human intelligence; studying, forecasting and guiding  the human and societal impact of AI; and designing and creating AI applications that augment human capabilities. Through the education work of the institute, students and leaders at all stages gain a range of AI fundamentals and perspectives.
